folks this is Cynthia topic she's the
program director at truTV we're getting
our butts kicked by the gardening
channel people would rather watch soil
one television network is about to begin
an experiment we're gonna pick one
person we're gonna put in that person's
life on television what are we doing
have the chicken dead maybe this is the
guy you want to go yes on it man all
right here we go
Carlos just stay with what happens when
you go to the bathroom did it go in with
you why are we watching this no reason I
just want to see what have he's checking
out his own [ __ ] Wow well that's
embarrassing
I think he's cute Russian bikini what do
you like about it I don't know it's a
slimming watch it's my breast on the
Internet you know it wouldn't kill you
to use a little more makeup Universal
Pictures an Imagine Entertainment bring
you you don't find
convinced me that this could work half a
dozen wine coolers the story of a nobody
the guys have boob that everybody's
watching I love this America's latest
craze is a guy named hey yeah I just
want to say I really love your show I
think you're great
I want you to stay with the highest
rating higher than Super Bowl that's
kind of same thing isn't it big build-up
and then you know one team just before
do it say today is Sheree good enough
for it cycle [ __ ] on television a minute
and already you got an attitude Matthew
McConaughey Jenna Elfman it's a filthy
show Woody Harrelson Ellen DeGeneres
Nabil we've got a Beatle but he's a he's
a Spice Girl Martin Landau Elizabeth
Hurley and Rob Reiner how about sex
I'm Nampa pass and it's not an age thing
because you are still a handsome man
EDTV
you know what this is going great up
here